## About me
Hi, I am Sirish Gambhira. I am a 4th year dual degree student from E & ECE Dept, IIT Kharagpur. I am from Kurnool (AndhraPradesh, India), which is famous for its landmark Konda Reddy Fort. I enjoy playing games, watching TV series, and generally code in my leisure time. I play squash at IIT Kharagpur at a beginner-intermediate level and participated in inter-hall competitions. I recently started learning piano and became quite comfortable with it. Since October, I started workouts, and I am trying to cutdown the body fat. So if are a fun-lover, or just need to chat, feel free to reach out. Peace.

## Work - Experience

I am interested in applications of Machine Learning. During my 3rd year winter vacation, I worked as a research intern at CVIT Lab, IIIT Hyderabad under Prof S. Ravi Kiran. The objective of the project is to classify the actions learnt from skeletal reprsentations. My task was to imrpove the current top-model performance by implementing new hierarchical architectures. I implemented Network of Experts, a hierarchical architecure on VA-CNN model. I learnt pytorch, improved my python skills, and got my first research exposure during this time.

During my third year summer, I applied for a research intern at ISI Calcutta under Prof. Nikhil. R. Pal (remote unfortunately :(). I worked in the field of information theory, where I extracted information flow graphs in brain during motor imagery tasks. By this method, we can identify the direction of flow of information in brain when one is trying to raise his finger (left/ right). 

Later that Summer, I applied for a project in Deep Learning - NeuroImaging field. The project is focussed to automate the preprocessing of EEG pipeline. EEG Data cleaning is a tedious process and often involves human expertise. The cleaning process varies from one individual to the other. Hence, our motivation was to automate this pipeline, so that we can standardize clean data throughout different research groups. I am currently working on this and hopeful to get positive results.
